1. College Bus Route Optimization

A college has 8 pickup points across the city and only 3 buses available every morning. Each bus has a seating limit, and some students must reach earlier because they have lab sessions. Design a plan to assign students to buses and create routes so that all students arrive on time with minimum travel overlap and minimum fuel usage.

8 - pickup points
3 - buses
  for eg;   college last entry time : 9 am
                 lab stud entry : 7am
             sitting cap : 45
          Total stud : 150
            8 points, 3 buses
      collect the data which time they are available at pickup point.[ two slots they have to select - 7am slot and 9am slot]
      if lab students less than 45 one bus is enough or else we have to use 2 or 3 buses picking up the students their nearest points to college by 7.(where it saves the time and fuel).
 for normal students we have to allocate 3 buses
     * 1to3   - if students less than 45 done or else assign them to second area(4-6 or 6-8) bus
     * 4 to 6 - if student less than 45 done or else same as 1-3
      * 6 to 8 - through the collecting input data we have to assure far pickup points capacity less than 45 and proceed to near point until the seating capacity occur.
 or If the have students are more than the number(assume n) the bus make the different trips from clg to pickpoint according to the input data.
                                                                                                   
Algorithm
1).  Collect the input data which time or slot they are available.(students)
2).Input sitting capacity data and college time data
3). Make the slots and inform the students about trip and bus details
4).prioritizing lab students ------ if less than seating capacity 1 bus allocated to 8 pickpoint 
                                                      if more than s cap --- by input data allocate slots and trips
5). For normal students ------ through the slots and trip students will getin at pickup points.
6).  conditions ---   by analyzing sitting capacity we have to allocate the trips to different picup points.
                                making the conditions to capacity and max travel points to get overcome with overlap and fuel savage for minimum travel to allocate the slots.
8). Done